Okay, we're here!
The beach!
We're going to have a blast!
Yeah!
Now hold on a minute!
--What's your problem?
--Got to go potty?
No! Why are all of you here
like it's totally normal?!
You see, today...
Futaba-chan, would you like to spend
the night at the beach this weekend?
The beach?
I'm planning on going with my brother.
Would you like to join us?
Are you sure it's all right?
Yeah. It'll be more fun if more people
come, so please invite your friends.
Okay!
It was supposed to be just Sakurai-san,
her brother, and me...
I invited them.
You should have told me.
I wanted to surprise you.
Well, you did surprise me, but...
Hey, don't be such a drag.
We came all the way out to the beach.
Wouldn't it be more fun if
all of us hung out together?
You must be Takeda-san.
I'm Kurobe Natsumi. I've been friends
with Futaba since junior high.
You're Kurobe Natsumi?
I've been wanting to meet you.
Futaba's always talking about you.
I've been wanting to meet you, too.
Now hold on, Natsumi!
Well, let's go get changed.
"Episode 9:
A Light-Hearted Summer Vacation"
Set that up there.
Okay.
Oh, let me help you.
Thanks.
Thank you for always
being so kind to my sister.
Oh. Well, it's my pleasure.
They're so alike.
Hey guys!
Oh, you're quite an eyeful!
Hey, where's Igarashi-chan?
She's right here.
Oh, you're so cute!
Ow! Hey! Ouch! Come on, that hurts!
Kazama-kun, let's go for a swim!
I've got some, too, you know.
It's the ocean!
Shall we go?
Okay!
It's the ocean!
Hey now, no horsing around!
Hurry up!
Wait!
Still want to go?
Sure, why not?
Here goes!
Are you all right?
Sorry!
I-I'm okay.
Nice serve!
I've played a bit of volleyball before.
Hey, Senpai︎!
We're a long way from the shore!
Oh, you're right.
Please don't look at me so much!
What's there to look at?
Ouch!
You men are all the same.
You just like big boobs.
Of course we do!
But you know what, Igarashi?
You're a very competitive, considerate,
hard-working, and kind person.
It's those inner qualities
that I like about you...
...way more than your chest
or how you look.
Whoa! What are you doing?
Hey--! Come on--! Knock it off--!
Boo!
Qu-Quit it! You know I can't swim!
You are in the water,
so why don't you try practicing?
Huh?
Hey, that's a great idea!
Swimming feels nice, you know.
I'll teach you how.
All right... Would you?
Okay, here we go!
Oh, looking good!
Okay, now stick your head in the water!
Huh?!
Don't worry, I've got you.
Whoa!
Great job!
Hi-yah!
Aw!
Close, but no cigar!
Aw, that's too bad.
I kind of thought this would happen...
There's nothing left to eat...
This is so pretty!
Why don't you take it as a souvenir?
Yeah, I should.
Hey!
It's time to get going!
Oh, okay!
"Shiraito Inn"
Thank you for having us!
We've been expecting you.
Please, do come in.
Man, I'm starving!
Dinner will be ready shortly.
O-Okay, thanks.
Whoa!
This looks really good.
Please, take your time.
Thank you for the meal!
That was fast.
I was starving, that's why.
Senpai, I'll refill your bowl for you.
Hmm?
There's a tub of rice here.
Oh, thanks.
No problem.
Here you go. Because I know
they're your favorite, Yuto.
Oh, so you like those.
Then, I'll give you mine, too.
Th-Thank you.
You're blushing.
Oh, they're so supple.
I know! Yuto's cheeks are really supple.
Sis!
I love the way it feels.
H... Hey!
Hey! Yuto-kun doesn't like you doing that!
Really?
Yuto-kun, do you hate it
when I touch your cheeks?
Um... uh... well... I...
Natsumi!
Okay, I'm sorry. He's just so cute.
I couldn't help myself.
Here you go.
Th... Thank you.
Thanks, Kazama-kun.
No problem.
Since this inn is by the sea,
the fish here is excellent.
This simmered fish tastes really good.
Futaba, you make an excellent
simmered fish, too, you know.
You're a good cook,
aren't you, Futaba-chan?
Yeah, Igarashi makes
some really good food.
Takeda-san, you've tried her cooking?
Yeah. Some hamburger steak the other d--
Yuto-kun, you can have mine, too!
Go on, eat it!
U-Uh...
Oh, then you can have mine, too!
Uhh...
Man, I'm stuffed!
I've had my fill.
My stomach hurts...
What should we do after this?
Oh, I've got just the thing.
I haven't played with fireworks in years!
I do it every year with my grandpa.
He looks like someone who loves fireworks.
He loves launching skyrockets.
Here it is! Let's set this one off next.
"Roaring Thunder Legend: One Shot"
That's a great idea!
Here goes!
Why is it following me?! Keep away!
You're a real scaredy-cat, Igarashi.
See? I put it out.
Aw...
Huh?!
Kurobe-san...
Here, have another go at it.
What's the matter? You look kind of down.
No, it's nothing really...
It's okay. Talk to me.
Actually, there's this girl who
has the same hobby as me.
Uh-huh.
We went shopping together
to buy what we were looking for.
And we ran into some people
from school there.
Really?
And the people there
gave us a hard time...
I see.
Is it weird for a boy
and girl to be friends?
Well, I don't think so.
If you enjoy being with them,
then I think that's fine.
But you really can't tell how your
relationship with someone will change.
It all depends on the circumstances.
But who knows?
The person you thought of as a friend
might turn into the one you love.
Aw...
D-Don't you start making fun
of me, too, Kurobe-san!
Okay, I'm sorry.
All right, let's head on back.
All right!
This'll test your courage a little.
You're right. It's pitch black.
I'm sorry...
That's okay...
If you're scared... Here, take my hand.
Wh-What are you talking about?
I'm not a kid, you know!
Oh, it's just a cicada.
Kazama-kun?!
Guess it's time to call it a night.
Yeah, you're right.
Okay, then.
Good night.
All right.
Night.
Hey, Futaba.
What?
How are things going with Takeda-senpai?
Huh?! Wh-What are you talking about?
You guys were pretty close today.
N-No, we weren't.
Are they pretty close at work, too?
Yeah, really close. They always go out to
make sales calls and eat lunch together.
Oh, really...
I'm going to bed now! Good night!
Hey, Futaba!
Oh, you're no fun...
What about you, Sakurai-san?
What?
Fried shrimp...
--I can't eat any more fried shrimp...
--Is there somebody you like?
Well... I'm not sure...
I can't sleep...
Good morning, Takeda-san.
Oh, morning.
It's a beautiful day today.
Yeah.
Oh, good morning.
Morning.
Kazama-san, you look sleepy.
Yeah...
Really? Did that happen?
Yeah.
Those voices...
--It's Takeda-san and Sakurai.
--They kept bugging me
to drink maté tea...
--That's not a pairing you see every day.
--They kept bugging me
to drink maté tea...
And Kazama-kun protected me from them.
Wow.
Sakurai.
Seems you and Kazama are pretty close.
What?
You think so?
But it seems you and Futaba-chan
are awfully close, too, Takeda-san.
Of course we are!
Igarashi's my trusty kouhai!
Huh?
Let's have a blast until
it's time to go home!
Yeah!
Are you glad you're not riding that?
Yeah, I didn't sleep well last night...
Oh...
Let's go buy something to drink.
I'm going to buy this to start with.
Thanks. I'll pay you back later.
I'm going to buy something frozen.
Which should I get?
Oh!
Seeing that brings back memories.
You want some, too, Kazama-kun?
Yeah, thanks.
Okay, here you go.
Huh?
Well, on second thought, that's okay...
Sorry, sorry.
Here you go, Kazama-kun.
I'll give you the other one.
"Shaved Ice" "Fried Noodles"
Guess they wore themselves out
from having so much fun.
Probably.
They're both sleeping like children.
I'm glad.
Huh?
Glad that everyone at
Futaba's office is so nice.
Natsumi-chan...
It looks like Futaba's enjoying herself,
and that makes me happy.
Let's hang out again, Natsumi-chan.
Definitely! And Yuto-kun, too.
O-Okay!
Guess they wore themselves out
from having so much fun.
Yeah.
We really whooped it up, huh.
Yes, we did.
You were right, Senpai.
All of us hanging out
together was more fun.
Yeah.
Summer's almost over...
Takeda-senpai?
Yeah?
U-Um...
What is it?
Will you hang out with me
again next summer?
Tomorrow's okay, too, you know.
That's not what I meant!
Good morning.
Morning.
What's the matter?
Oh... it's nothing really.
Wow.
You're really tan!
That's why I didn't want you to look...
Why? It's nothing to worry about.
No photos, please!︎
But what happened? Did you forget
to put on sunscreen yesterday?
I always spend this time of year
at Grandpa's house, so...
I never worried about getting tan.
Oh, I was so careless...
Why am I the only one who got so tan?
A-Anyway, I didn't ask for this.
No photos!
Hey, morning!
T-Takeda-senpai, this is...
Igarashi, you've got such a dark tan!